Prompt:

Apps are applications that users use to do a intented task. Users can interact with apps in various ways. A user could use a touch screen, mouse, keyboard, body movement, and their voice to interact with an app. Apps can be made to do anything, currently I am working on a cribbage game application that will allow 2 users to play cribbage together.
Do this:

The user interacts with the app by pressing buttons.
The overall purpose of this app is to imform the user about water conservation tips.
The target audience(s) are english and spanish speakers/readers.
Do this:

The user interacts with the app by pressing buttons and images.
The overall purpose of this app if for users to test their knowledge of birds.
The target audience is people who think they know birds.
Do this:

The user interacts with the app by pressing buttons, reading information, pressing text, and pressing images.
The overall purpose of this app is to explain improvements that can be made to Hamiliton.
The target audience is Hamilation residents.
Do this:

The user interacts with the app by pressing buttons and reading information.
The overall purpose of this app is to explain how to play 4 sqaure.
The target audience is people who want/need to learn how to play 4 square.
Do this:

The user interacts with the app by pressing images and reading information.
The overall purpose of this app is to have users learn about monarch butterflies.
The target audience is users who want to learn about monarch butterflies.
 

Do This:

Inputs	Outputs
Pressing a button	A transition happened
Pressing an image	More (new) information was displayed
Pressing text	The app said if we were right or wrong
 

Prompt:

My favorite app is Netflix. The UI of Netflix looks like a bunch of images where when a user presses the images a video plays. The inputs are pressing images and buttons; the outpus are displaying information and video.
Do This:

Input: clicking the “Spanish” button → output: the language of all the text on the screen changes to Spanish.
Input: clicking the “English” button → output: the language of all the text on the screen changes to English.
Input: clicking the “Next” button → output: the screen changes.
Do This:

Input: clicking the “Begin” button → output: the screen changes to the first quiz question.
Input: clicking the “Ostrich" image → output: the screen changes to the second quiz question.
Input: clicking the “Parrot” image → output: the screen changes to the third quiz question.
Input: clicking the “Robin” image → output: the screen changes to the “You Lose!!!” screen.
Do This:

Input: clicking the “Red” button → output: the color box on the screen changes to red.
Input: clicking the “Blue” button → output: the color box on the screen changes to blue.
Input: clicking the “Purple” button → output: the color box on the screen changes to purple.
Do This:

Input: clicking the “More info” button → output: the screen changes to the next screen.
Input: clicking the “1” or “2” or “3” button → output: the screen reads “Not enough” and a sound plays.
Input clicking the “4” button → output: the screen reads “Right! You need four players.” and a sound plays.
Do This:

Input: clicking the “caterpillar” image → output: a larger caterpillar image apperars and the smaller image is hidden.
Input: clicking the “next” button → output: a new screen with “Click  Me!” apperars.
Input: clicking the “crysalis” image → output: a larger crysalis image apperars and the smaller image is hidden.
 

 

User Interface: the inputs and outputs that allow a user to interact with a piece of software. User interfaces can include a variety of forms such as buttons, menus, images, text, and graphics.

Input: data that are sent to a computer for processing by a program. Can come in a variety of forms, such as tactile interaction, audio, visuals, or text.

Output: any data that are sent from a program to a device. Can come in a variety of forms, such as tactile interaction, audio, visuals, or text.
