~ Well I wouldn't feel very good and I would tell them to take it down. If somebody is making profit off of my copyrighted work and their work doesn't fall under free use then I would take legal action.

UNDERLINING:
"The lawsuit, filed Wednesday in federal court in Los Angeles, accuses Epic Games, the maker
of Fortnite, not only of stealing 2 Milly’s dance moves and his likeness without permission
but also exploiting various African American artists' talent without credit."

'“They stole my move and basically didn’t give me any
credit for it...”'

10 word summary:
Fortnite stole artists dance moves and the artists are taking legal actions.

- I don't have any questions about copyright.
- I feel that our current copy right policies are both helping and hurting society. On one hand copy right helps protect creators work, but on the other hand companies don't understand fair use and are abusing the current copy right policies. If our copy right policies were more well known then I think they would be helping society more than hurting it.

- The rapper 2 Milly's dance move "Milly Rock" and other artists dance moves such as Snoop Dogg's "Drop it like it's Hot" have been digitized into a game called Fortnite.
- The goal/purpose of digitizing this thing was to allow the creators of Fortnite, Epic Games, to get more money. The purpose was for profit.
- The company Epic Games is benefiting from this since they are getting paid whenever somebody wants to buy a stolen dance move from them.
- The artists are harmed from this since they don't get any profit and instead get their work stolen from them.
- The impact of getting money is attended, but the impact of hurting the artists is untended. I think this because I don't think Epic Games is immoral.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
-
In Fortnite, the massively popular battle-royal video game, the “dance emote” was not called the “Milly Rock.” Instead, the move was called “Swipe It,” a victory dance that players could unlock after purchasing an add-on package for 950 “V-bucks,” or about $9.50.

- +
“Everybody was like, ‘Yo, your dance is in the game,’ " 2 Milly told CBS News last month.


+
"He[Milly] said he would have liked a contract and some sort of compensation. In November, however, as he announced his intention to sue, he stressed that it wasn’t just about money. "

+ -
Case law on copyright cases for choreographed works is notoriously thin and murky in the first place, according to a 2018 Fordham Intellectual Property, Media and Entertainment Law Journal article.

+ D:
“I don’t even want to bash them for all the millions,” 2 Milly told CBS News. “Know what I mean? It’s not really like that. I just feel like I have to protect what’s mine.”

D:
“There seems to be this disrespect and undervalue, or lack of appreciation, for African American talent,” David L. Hecht, one of 2 Millly’s lawyers, told The Washington Post. “They’re taking advantage of the fame of these artists without any type of acknowledgment."

D:
"Fortnite should put the actual rap songs behind the dances that make so much money as Emotes. Black creatives created and popularized these dances but never monetized them. Imagine the money people are spending on these Emotes being shared with the artists that made them
— The Big Day out now (@chancetherapper)"


Prompt -
I am unable to know what other's picked, but I picked the sentences that I felt had the most meaning. Such as “I don’t even want to bash them for all the millions,” 2 Milly told CBS News. “Know what I mean? It’s not really like that. I just feel like I have to protect what’s mine.” Which to me is very important since it shows that Milly wants to protect what his his.

- I think that copyright can hurt society because "case law on copyright cases for choreographed works is notoriously thin and murky in the first place, according to a 2018 Fordham Intellectual Property, Media and Entertainment Law Journal article. "
